This packet tracer lab is a continuation of a previous Packet Tracer lab in the previous lab you were
asked to subnet 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 0 slash 24 and break it up into subnets for site 1 and site 2.
And you were asked to configure subnets on those sites as well as on the serial links in this lab you
need to subnet the network again to extend and conserve IP addresses an additional site has been added
to the lab site.
3 What you need to do is take the subnet 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 64 slash 26 and subnet that to support this third
site as well as to reuse the subnet for the three serial connections.
Serial links only need a slash 30 mosque so you need to subnet the lost a new subnet that you get from
1 9 2 1 6 8 1 64 slash 26 and you slash 30 mosques so that you can allocate that subnet to the 3 serial
links.
So what you need to do once again is break up 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 64 slash 26 to support as many subnets as
possible with 8 hosts per subnet to allocate the first new subnet to site 3.
Some of the words on the local area network over here and then take the lost new subnet that you get
from 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 64 and subnet that with Slash 30 mosques and then allocate those subnets to the serial
links you need to configure the riders appropriately so this writer needs to use the first ip address
in the new subnet.
This right of the lost one and the same is true for the other sites on the local area network at 6 3
router 4 should use the lost IP address in the new subnet the switch the second lost IP address in the
subnet and the hosts should be allocated IP addresses from the first available IP address to the lost
available IP address.
You're going to configure the IP addresses in the subnet manually.
Previously we used DHB to allocate IP addresses to pieces but in the subnet you're going to use static
ip addresses.
Now once you've configured the network verify that pieces can access Cisco dot com and Facebook dot
com using their browsers Cisco dot com and Facebook dot com Web sites on the Internet.
You need to verify that your pieces P.S. 6 7 and 8 can access the Internet as well as choose a P.C.
inside one and site two and make sure that they can also access Cisco dot com and Facebook dot com.
So can you complete the slab download to the packet tracer file and see if you can complete the lab
yourself.
Otherwise watch the next video where I completed the lab.